Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Ten-hut!
Grab your hunting pack.
We're leaving at 0700.
This view never
gets old. does it?
No matter how many
times you see it.
Ah. don't go
anywhere near those.
These are death cap mushrooms.
The name ain't kidding.
Eat one of those. you'll be
wearing a toe tag real quick
unless someone's got
a brand-new liver
lying around for you.
Blake. Blake.
Blake.
Did you hear what I just said?
Yes. sir.
What did I say?
Don't eat the mushrooms.
What are they called?
Uh...
See. this is what I'm talking
about... you're not hearing me.
You're off in your own
goddamn world somewhere.
This place is beautiful.
It's also dangerous.
You can survive if you
know exactly what to do.
Yes. sir.
People get taken from you...
... like that.
It's not hard to die.
It's the easiest
thing in the world.
We are all...
inches away from it.
And I'm not always gonna be
around to watch over you.
but I'm gonna make
damn sure that you know
how to survive as...
Blake.
You know you need
to stay near me.
Right fucking next to me. boy!
If you don't do what
I say. you get hurt.
Do you want to get hurt?! Huh?
Do you want to get hurt?!
No. sir. I don't. I just...
I wanted to get a
better shot at the deer.
Get up in that deer blind.
Now.
Cover your ears.
What was it. Dad?
A bear.
They're all over this
side of the valley.
Pick yourself up. and let's go
while there's still
some light left.
Kiel 714.
this is Lovell 819.
Kiel 714. this is Lovell 819.
Kiel 714. this is Lovell
819. Do you read me?
Where in the hell are you. Dan?
What is it. Grady?
Dan.
I saw it.
Saw what?
You know what
I'm talking about.
That hiker?
The face of the wolf?
Dan. it's real.
I had it in my scope.
I almost shot it.
Grady. what is the point
in going up that
mountain after dark
looking for something that
doesn't want to be found?
I wasn't
looking for it.
I was hunting deer
down by the river.
And it came after my boy.
I'm gonna get it. Dan.
And you got to come with me.
Don't you want to
keep your boy safe?
Can we get some ice cream?
Please? Please. please. please.
please. please. please...
I got you a hot
chocolate at the museum.
That's not a dessert.
That's a drink.
Oh. I think it's dessert. missy.
Well. did you know you're the
best dad in the whole world?
Yeah. I'm
sure the timing of that
has nothing to do
with the ice cream.
It doesn't. I just
wanted to tell you.
I'm serious.
Eh. this feels
very transactional.
I don't know what that means.
Hey. get down.
Ginger.
Get down right now.
Okay. that's it. no ice cream
in three. two. one.
No. the dog don't jump off
the motherfucking leash!
Hey. hey. hey.
I told you to get down.
Why didn't you listen
to me. damn it?
Why didn't you listen to me?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I lost my temper.
That's not me.
I don't want to be like that.
I just need you to listen
when I tell you something.
'Cause what's my job?
To keep your daughter safe.
Yeah. That's right.
And what's your job?
To read minds.
Can you guess what I'm
thinking right now?
"I love my little girl."
That's amazing.
That's exactly what
I was thinking.
How do you do that every time?
You're so good at
your job.
Okay.
I'm sorry. You scared me. okay?
- You owe me a dollar.
- Why?
Because you sweared.
No. I didn't. You're
hearing things.
I'm not. Daddy. You sweared.
Okay. now let me
put some on you.
Oh. my God. Okay. do it quickly.
- Beautiful.
- Mm-hmm. Good?
- Yeah.
- How's this?
You look creepy.
You mean like this?
- You mean like this. Ginger?
- Dad.
No. uh. yeah. No. I get that.
Okay. go
sit at the table.
No. but I-I have. I
have a second source.
One minute.
Well. are you gonna ship it
or you gonna let the
Times scoop us again?
- Hi.
- Hi. Mommy.
Well. so
we have a deal then?
What... This is bullshit.
You've never asked
for this before.
Uh. in the time it
takes to do all of this.
we could've gotten
ahead of everybody.
But I just don't think
we need to do it.
I promise from now on. Can
you just get it online?
- Take that in the other room.
- Shh.
- I
- shouldn't be doing this.
Are you doing it or not?
Charlotte. can you take
that in the other room?
Listen. I-I know what I'm doing.
You know I know because
you taught me how to do it.
Goodbye. Charlotte.
Okay. Bye.
Can you. um...
Can you not do that. please?
What did I do?
I was having an important
conversation with my editor.
Yeah. 'cause you're the only one
that has important
stuff going on. right?
I'm not busy at all.
If I ever have kids. I'm never
gonna fight in front of them.
We're not
fighting. honey.
We're having a
spirited exchange.
Okay.
So. um...
I just found out my dad has
been finally declared deceased.
Officially. by the
state of Oregon.
Um. I'm sorry.
It's okay.
How do you feel?
I mean. we knew this
letter was coming one day.
But the finality of it...
Yeah. I don't know.
it's still shocking.
Yeah.
Are you sad. Daddy?
I am. yeah.
I'm sad about a lot of things.
I wish I'd known him better.
But he always made
me afraid of him.
so as soon as I was
old enough. I left.
We hadn't spoken in a long time
because I chose not to.
Um. and now that I
can't speak to him...
I suddenly want to.
The whole day.
No way. The whole thing
felt ridiculous. you know?
Oh.
I'll catch up with
you guys later.
Yeah.
Hey.
This is a surprise.
I brought you some lunch.
Thank you.
We haven't done this in a while.
Yeah.
Are you happy. Charlotte?
Are-are you?
Why-why are you asking me that?
Because I don't think
we're doing well right now.
I came here because
when I got that letter...
it dawned on me
that you and Ginger are the
only family that I have left.
We have such a short
amount of time with people.
I just want us to
enjoy each other
and try to be happy as a
family while we are here.
I want to be happy. too. but...
I was thinking you should
come up to Oregon with me.
I have to go up there
and pack up all my
dad's stuff in a truck.
Why don't we all go together?
We'd spend the whole
summer up there.
I think it'd be good for us.
It really is stunning.
There's this valley
not far from the farm.
It's between these mountains.
And no matter how
many times you see it.
the view makes you feel like
everything's gonna be okay.
I want you and Ginger to see it.
It sounds nice. but I
can't just leave work.
No. yeah. but you
can work remotely.
Just take some time off.
Ginger would love that.
You could spend
some time with her.
You can work on your book.
Yeah. I don't...
I don't even know if I'm
good at that anymore.
You're a great writer. Come on.
I meant at spending
time with my daughter.
She...
She relates to you
so much more than me.
You are an
incredible mother.
You are.
Come with me.
Okay. okay. I've got one.
Mm. do you live in water?
Nope.
Okay.
Do you live in the forest?
Sometimes.
Mm. can you fly?
Nope.
Do you walk on four legs?
- Yes.
- Yeah?
Oh. are you a deer?
Uh... no.
Uh. are you a bear?
No.
Are you a dog?
No. I just
don't know what...
Don't know the answer.
- No. I'm a fawn.
- A fawn?
- Yeah.
- I said deer.
- A fawn is not a deer.
- It's-it's...
- It's not.
- What? It's literally a baby deer.
It's not.
And fawns live in
the forest. Hello.
They do sometimes. but sometimes
they're in people's
backyards. so...
- Oh. Oh.
- What? That's...
Oh. you are a cheater.
You know what?
-That's it. You know what's coming?
-Don't. Daddy. Stop.
- Daddy. stop. No. Mommy.
- Uh-oh. Uh-oh.
- Tell Daddy he's being immature.
- Uh-oh.
Hey. hey. I can be just
as immature as he can.
Mommy. stop it. Stop. Mommy.
What makes
you think I'm so mature?
- Huh? Huh?
- Stop it. Mommy. Stop.
Please. Mommy. stop it.
- Mommy. stop it.
- Please?
Please. Mommy. stop.
Wait. is this it? Shit.
- Dad.
- Sorry. honey. Shivers.
Let me check the map here.
I have no service.
Me. either.
This does look familiar. though.
Can I see?
There's someone in
that tree house.
Where?
Over there.
She's right... there's
someone inside that thing.
Oh.
Uh. let's go. Blake.
No. it's okay.
No. he has a gun.
Charlotte. everyone
around here has a gun.
Blake. can-can you
just please drive?
- Evening.
- Hey.
Where you guys headed?
Uh. I'm looking
for my dad's farm.
I just. I haven't been up
here in a while. I forgot...
Who's your dad?
Uh... Grady.
Lovell.
You've been gone a
long time. Blake.
Wait. do I... do I know you?
I'm Derek. I'm Dan Kiel's son.
Right.
Oh. Derek. Shit.
- Dad.
- Oh. sorry.
Yeah. no.
I remember you.
How are you? It's
good to see you.
Not many of us left
living up here anymore.
Not really a part of the world.
Yeah. I-I'd agree with that.
You might not remember this.
but. uh. for the most part.
we don't like to be out
after dark on the mountain.
There's no power
grid. no lights.
Oh. I-I thought
that was just my dad.
Uh. you know. I'm
actually a little lost.
You know. I-I was sure
that this was his driveway.
It's not.
Really?
It's mine.
Oh.
Yeah. okay.
Well. sorry.
The usual road to
Grady's is cut off.
I'll take you there. get
you settled in quicker.
Okay.
Blake. no. No. absolutely not.
- It's fine. Let him show us.
- No. he...
Why can't he just
tell us where it is?
- He's standing there now.
- What. so...
- Just open the door. Char.
- What are you talk...
- He's opening it.
- Well. stop...
Hi. Hi.
Hi. Uh. no. no. no.
It's okay. I-I'll
just go to the back.
Thank you. ma'am.
Watch your feet.
Just go straight on a ways.
Hey there. cutie.
Uh. Derek. that's
Ginger and my wife Charlotte.
Hi.
How long you
planning on staying?
- Not too long.
- A little while.
It's definitely
an acquired taste.
There are things you have to
come to terms with up here.
Animals.
Diseases.
Well. we're. we're
pretty tough people.
Is that so?
To me. you don't seem so tough.
That's a good thing.
Means you got a good life.
You're healthy. safe.
Your dad's place
is just up ahead.
What do you do for
a living. Blake?
I'm a writer.
I'm between jobs
right now. though.
So... I'm a dad
to that monster in the back.
I'm a journalist.
I bet you look at them every day
and wonder how you got so lucky
to have such a smart
and beautiful family.
I do.
Shit.
Oh.
Ginger? Are you okay?
I'm okay.
Char. are you okay?
Hey. are you hurt anywhere?
Are you okay? Ginger?
Charlotte. are you hurt?
- No.
- Huh?
Derek. are you okay?
Hey. hey.
no. no. no. no!
Oh. shit!
Okay. We got to get
out of this thing.
Ginger. Ginger.
- No. no. no.
- Ginger. look at me.
No.
please. Please. no.
You got to climb
through the window.
Look at me. Ginger.
Climb through the window.
You can do it. honey.
No. Daddy. I'm
scared I'm gonna fall.
- You'll be okay. You'll be okay.
- I'm gonna fall.
I'm gonna
fall. I'm gonna fall.
It's okay.
Just get onto the top.
Just stay right there.
Just sit right there. honey.
Just stay there.
honey. Mommy's coming.
Charlotte. go.
You okay?
Stay right there. I'm coming.
I...
Okay.
We got to
get down. Wait here.
Come on.
Ginger. honey. you have to go.
Come on. I'm gonna catch you.
Okay. All right.
Charlotte. come on.
Are you okay?
- No. yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
- Yeah?
Ginger. are you hurt at all?
- No.
- Okay. come on.
We got to go. We have
to find the house.
Watch your step. Come on. honey.
We got to move quick.
Where it's safer. Come on.
Careful. honey. Careful.
careful. careful.
- Daddy. I'm tired.
- What?
- I can't go.
- Okay.
Charlotte.
Okay. honey.
Quick.
Come on. I recognize this.
We're close.
I'm gonna put you down
here. honey. okay?
- Okay.
- Give me your hand.
Come on.
- Come on.
- Careful.
Be careful.
Come on. Come on.
This is it.
Run.
Run. honey.
Go. honey.
Come on.
Come on. Come on.
Daddy. hurry up.
Daddy. hurry up!
Come on. Get inside.
Wait. Wait.
- Stay right here.
- Daddy. where are you going?
- I'll be right back.
- Daddy. Daddy.
- Stay with Mommy.
- Daddy.
Okay.
Shit.
Daddy.
Hi.
Mm. It's okay.
We're safe.
I want to go home.
I know.
We will.
We just can't go outside
right now. Lay down.
We just have to wait
until the morning.
Okay?
No. don't go anywhere.
Okay. okay. I'm here.
I'm not going anywhere.
I'm gonna be right
here. Right here.
Is that man dead?
The man who came
out the tree house?
I don't know.
Most likely. he did die.
I'm so sorry that
this happened to you.
It's my job to protect you.
And I didn't.
I've put you through
something very scary.
And I'd never be able
to forgive myself
if this stayed with you.
You know? If it scarred you.
You know. sometimes
when you're a daddy.
you're so scared of
your kids getting scars.
you become the thing
that scars 'em.
Hey. what am I
thinking right now?
"I love my little girl."
That's incredible.
You must be able to read minds.
because that's exactly
what I was thinking.
Word for word.
Okay.
I love you.
I'll be right here.
Remember. that's my job.
I'm not gonna let
anything happen to you.
I think we should. um...
I think we should
cover the front door.
'cause if that thing... if
it keeps trying to get in.
the whole door can
come off the hinges.
What was it?
What?
What the fuck was
that thing. Blake?
I don't know.
I know it sounded
like an animal...
but I looked right at it
when we almost hit it.
and I swear to God it was
standing up on two feet.
like a person.
Blake.
Is that gonna hold?
Maybe.
I think we should try to
call somebody for help.
How?
Hello? Test.
Hello. This is Lovell 819.
Can anyone hear me?
Hello?
Hell...
Jesus. what is that smell?
Hmm? What? What'd you say?
Hello?
Well. I found something to eat.
My dad's jerky.
My jaw. I must've hit it
on the steering wheel.
Oh. fuck.
Here. Here.
Oh. my God.
Okay. Come on. Sit down.
Just sit. It's okay.
Just lift your arm.
God.
I think I cut it on the
window in the truck.
I-I
don't... I don't know.
This doesn't look like
you got cut by glass.
Okay. Okay. Um...
Lift your arm up.
All right. j-just try
a little bit. Just try.
Thank you.
Keep trying the CB radio for me.
Okay?
Jesus. Ginger.
I'm sorry I woke you. honey.
Just go back to bed. okay?
You need to get your rest.
Ginger.
Will you listen to me. please?
Go back to bed. It's
almost midnight.
Hey.
Did you reach anyone on the CB?
I-I don't...
I'll be done in a minute.
How odd.
Ow.
Shh.
- Charlotte.
- Blake. Blake.
Blake.
Mommy.
- Get back! Get back!
- Mommy. Mommy.
Get back!
Blake. Blake.
Char?
Can you read me?
Can anybody hear?
Hello?
Can
anybody hear me?
This is Charlotte Lovell.
If someone can hear
me. please respond.
My-my
husband is. uh. sick.
Um. if-if anyone can.
uh. can hear me. uh.
pl-please call someone to help.
We were attacked by
some kind of animal.
and I-I think my. um.
husband was infected by it.
He's...
He's not himself.
and. um. he can't.
he can't talk. um...
Yeah. uh. he doesn't.
he doesn't seem to know
he's sick. but. um...
i-if someone can hear what
I'm saying. please help.
Uh. hello?
Hello?
Goddamn it!
I'm so
worried about you.
I don't know what to do.
Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. Come on.
Let's get you upstairs.
Come on.
Here. Can you. um...
Can you write it down?
Just tell me what's wrong.
No.
You're sick... that's all...
but we're gonna fix you.
Blake...
You're gonna get better.
because Ginger needs you.
I need you.
I can't do this without you.
What I-I really
want to say is...
is that...
is that I love you. Blake.
I don't want to do anything
in my life without you.
You're my best friend.
I love you so much.
Ch-Charlotte...
What is happening?
I can't understand you.
What...
what are you saying?
What's wrong with him?
Hi.
It's okay.
Come here.
Daddy's not feeling
well. but in the morning.
we're gonna take him to the
doctor as soon as we can. okay?
Are you sick. Dada?
What is this?
Why are you bleeding?
Why is
Daddy's arm like that?
- Ginger. um...
- Help him. Mommy.
Baby. go to the next room. okay?
Oh. my God.
Blake.
Mommy?
Okay.
come on. Come on.
Out. Just come out. It's okay.
It's okay. it's okay.
This way. honey.
Okay. come on. Come on.
Mommy. what if he...
Come on. Come on.
Come on.
Oh. my God.
Okay. okay.
Okay.
Mommy. he's coming.
Up here.
Quick. Climb up here.
Stay still.
Mommy. please.
Mommy. please. I'm gonna fall.
Come on.
- You left him.
- What?
You left Daddy outside.
He's gonna get hurt.
- He's gonna die! You just left him outside to die!
- No. No.
No. he was trying
to protect you.
Stay here.
Is it Daddy?
He's sick.
He needs us.
Open the door. Mommy.
Daddy?
Daddy...
what am I thinking right now?
What am I thinking?
I was
thinking that I love you.
Daddy?
Dad? Dad. can you hear me?
Daddy. are you okay?
I love you so much.
Come on. Come
on. Get up. Get up. Get up.
Come on. Come on.
Daddy.
Get in. Get in.
- Get in.
- Mommy!
Mommy!
Mommy?
Why did Daddy have to get sick?
Um...
Daddy's father...
A while ago. he went
out... into the forest.
and he never came back.
Everybody thought
he was dead. but...
I think he just got sick.
Sick like Daddy?
Yeah.
I think he may have...
given his sickness to Daddy.
I want him back the way he was.
I know. Me. too. honey.
I-I want him back. too.
I'm always going
to be here for you.
No. Mommy.
Mommy.
It's okay.
Get back! Get back! Get back!
Please. Daddy.
you're scaring me.
No.
No. No.
Mommy.
In here. Come.
Come on. Come on.
Hurry. Mommy. He's coming.
Here. Just hold this.
Take it.
Come on. Come on.
All right. All right.
Mommy.
He wants this to be over.
Oh. Blake.
I'm here. I'm here.
♪ Like a shot through the dark ♪
♪ Like an arrow to my heart ♪
♪ Somewhere in your eyes ♪
♪ There's a little
smoke and flame ♪
♪ I saw you change ♪
♪ And I had to
rearrange it. baby ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Remember us in cars. dirty
bars and dirty hearts ♪
♪ The time it takes to burn ♪
♪ I couldn't even start
to think we'd be apart ♪
♪ Or a life lived in reverse ♪
♪ 'Cause somewhere
back in time ♪
♪ When you and love were mine ♪
- ♪ 'Cause I saw you change ♪
- ♪ Change ♪
♪ And I had to
rearrange it. baby ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I saw you change ♪
♪ You felt no pain ♪
♪ When you and love were mine ♪
- ♪ I saw you change ♪
- ♪ Change ♪
♪ Change ♪
♪ And I had to
rearrange it. baby ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I saw you change ♪
- ♪ You felt no pain ♪
- ♪ Pain ♪
♪ When you and love were mine ♪
♪ And I'll see you
again in red and blue ♪
♪ And I'll say it again.
and I'll say it true ♪
♪ And I'll see you again ♪
♪ In red and blue. ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-